Qin Huomei, why are you here?
Of course I'm here to buy jewelry.
I heard that this store has a treasure in town.
The shopkeeper's is this one.
Oh you bitch
The temperament of a blue prostitute
I hate people robbing me the most in my life
You little hoof
Keep your mouth clean, what about me?
Life is a love of robbing other people's things
This necklace
I want
Qin Huomei, do you know who he is?
You dare to rob him of his things
How dare you hit me?
Did I hit you to pick a date?
That's not actually Miss
Don't be noisy, don't be noisy
Since you are all willing to
It's better to blame the person
2,000 oceans
Is this lady lavish?
I'm out of 5,000 oceans
Okay, okay.
This lady
Don't regret it, Lin Jingyun, are you crazy?
5,000 oceans you buy this necklace
But my love words don't want anything
No one wants to take it away
The shopkeeper 10,000 ocean
See how you want me
Eleven thousand oceans
Brother-in-law, don't bid indiscriminately
Sister Jingyun, why don't you do this today?
Met this crazy woman
I don't even have the desire to buy anything
little
Gems are valuable
Emotions are priceless
I'm willing to bet all my money
Teach you the answer
boss
Look at my heirloom jade bracelet
How much is it worth?
OK
This quality, this texture
It's all estimated above.
The minimum can not be less than 20,000
Madam, have you considered it?
Once we make a deal, it's not right to change it.
I've thought about it, okay, okay.
Then I have a deal
Shopkeeper, I haven't shipped it yet.
This lady
Jade is priceless
That's a once in a century.
The reproductive air force is infinitely higher
Please forgive me.
I will improve this necklace, ma'am.
The economy is too expensive
As long as you like it.
Here we go.
Wow
It's really beautiful.
Just like it.
Let's go back first
Thrush sister
Not everything you like
You can take it away
Miss Perfect
This lady is too arrogant
How dare you blatantly grab the necklace you like?
Doesn't he know?
Are you the Overseer's favorite person?
Humph
Isn't it just robbing something to eat?
How to grab
Who are you?
Hand over the necklace around your neck
I will spare your life.
Dare to rob me
Do you know who I am?
Do you believe I let me back you?
I don't care what your identity is
There is no one in the boutique that our organization cannot afford to offend.
Hand over
In the future, rub your eyes on the bright spot in Jingming City
Don't wrinkle, you shouldn't provoke people
Thank you, Miss Huangmei.
Wrap the necklace
He Lin Jingyun
You want to stop me from going to the sender ceremony
Go crazy alone
How is that possible?
I prefer to dress up
Then give the necklace to the mayor's daughter
Give Beichen an unexpected surprise